MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=US-ASCII;
 format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Date: Fri, 23 Oct 2015 11:18:58 +0000
From: jmarkiewicz@airmail.cc
To: sgullo6599@gmail.com, jkjweltin@aol.com, jweltin2@gmail.com,
 mlsteller@yahoo.com, sgullo6599@gmail.com
Cc: kuiperhaumea@gmail.com
Subject: On Closed Auditions
Message-ID: <05fffdc1e7115c4e9f4533cd864015bb@airmail.cc>
X-Sender: jmarkiewicz@airmail.cc
User-Agent: Roundcube Webmail/1.1.3

Hey all,

First off, congratulations!  You're getting this e-mail because I
think you have a strong voice, and what it takes to be a part of the
quartet I'm forming.  As a recap, we are going to be a SATB quartet
and plan to go to competition.  Current members are:

    Soprano: Maya Steller
    Alto: Emma Koehler
    Tenor: John Markiewicz

For basses, we are undetermined.  That's the point of this e-mail.  We
plan to hold closed auditions, hopefully some time next week.  Since
our three current members are in theater, we can't hold auditions
directly after school any day next week.  This leaves before school
(which sucks, but it could be done,) and after theatre.  Any day other
than Wednesday we could have auditions starting at 5:30.  We could
also audition both bass candidates separately, if your schedules are
especially different.

For those auditioning: bring a piece of music that you think suits
your voice (that is, something you sound good singing.)  You will also
be singing the bass part from "The Star-Spangled Banner" (first
verse.)  We will discuss scheduling and availability after you have
auditioned, but as a basic guideline you are expected to show up to
any performance you agree to do.

For everyone: I don't have all your phone numbers, so it might help
communication if I did (mine is 614-563-1876.)  This e-mail list is
where we'll talk scheduling and details, so make sure you "reply to
all" with anything the group needs to know.  We can start talking
about what times are and aren't good for meetings, as well.  I'm
thinking once a week, but I'm open to suggestion.

Anyway, this e-mail is starting to get long.  Good luck to those
auditioning!

--
Best Wishes,
John Markiewicz
